{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE NOTICES\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs26 A portion of the Software (as defined in the End User License Agreement) contains open source software, which is used and distributed in accordance with the specific license under which the open source software is distributed. A list of such open source software and the corresponding license terms is as follows:\

\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 NSData+Base64.h
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Created by Matt Gallagher on 2009/06/03
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Copyright 2009 Matt Gallagher. All rights reserved.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software. Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa260
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not required. \
{\listtext	2.	}Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software. \
{\listtext	3.	}This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b \cf0 \
UKFileWatcher.h
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs26 \cf0 COPYRIGHT: (c) 2005 M. Uli Kusterer, all rights reserved.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\uc0\u8232 of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\u8232 in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\u8232 to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\u8232 copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\u8232 furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\uc0\u8232 all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\uc0\u8232  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\u8232 FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\u8232 AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\u8232 LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\u8232 OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN\u8232 THE SOFTWARE.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 \
MAAttachedWindow.h
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Created by Matt Gemmell on 27/09/2007.\
Copyright 2007 Magic Aubergine.\uc0\u8232 From http://mattgemmell.com/license\u8232 
\b License Agreement for Source Code provided by Matt Gemmell
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 This software is supplied to you by Matt Gemmell in consideration of your agreement to the following terms, and your use, installation, modification or redistribution of this software constitutes acceptance of these terms. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use, install, modify or redistribute this software.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 In consideration of your agreement to abide by the following terms, and subject to these terms, Matt Gemmell grants you a personal, non-exclusive license, to use, reproduce, modify and redistribute the software, with or without modifications, in source and/or binary forms; provided that if you redistribute the software in its entirety and without modifications, you must retain this notice and the following text and disclaimers in all such redistributions of the software, and that in all cases attribution of Matt Gemmell as the original author of the source code shall be included in all such resulting software products or distributions. Neither the name, trademarks, service marks or logos of Matt Gemmell may be used to endorse or promote products derived from the software without specific prior written permission from Matt Gemmell. Except as expressly stated in this notice, no other rights or licenses, express or implied, are granted by Matt Gemmell herein, including but not limited to any patent rights that may be infringed by your derivative works or by other works in which the software may be incorporated.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 The software is provided by Matt Gemmell on an "AS IS" basis. MATT GEMMELL MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, REGARDING THE SOFTWARE OR ITS USE AND OPERATION ALONE OR IN COMBINATION WITH YOUR PRODUCTS.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 IN NO EVENT SHALL MATT GEMMELL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE, REPRODUCTION, MODIFICATION AND/OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SOFTWARE, HOWEVER CAUSED AND WHETHER UNDER THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF MATT GEMMELL HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
\f1\fs24 \
}